América 24 || America24.yt || Nacionales
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGpHLgRnrx4

C5N || C5N.yt || Nacionales
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdQSOItOQ5Y

Canal 26 || Canal26.yt || Nacionales
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RnTmtVFTSf0

Crónica TV || CronicaTV.yt || Nacionales
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avly0uwZzOE

La Nación || LN.yt || Nacionales
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocFG3yor--M

TV Pública || TVPublica.yt || Nacionales
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTp1HTPaTHk

América TV || AmericaTV.yt || Nacionales
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcWXboTnous

TN Todo Noticias || TN.yt || Nacionales
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cb12KmMMDJA

Canal de la Ciudad || Canaldelaciudad.yt || Nacionales
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=meJ21sM2yJc

Canal 10 Mar del Plata || Canal10MardelPlata.yt || Nacionales
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XShg6AjTFPc

El Tres TV Rosario || ElTresTV.yt || Nacionales
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grMLxglk7Ok

El Siete Mendoza || ElSieteMendoza.yt || Nacionales
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vh8xmLBJtR8

El Once Entre Ríos || ELOnce.yt || Nacionales
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8jcsr9yK3c

Canal Rural || CanalRural.yt || Nacionales
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0eA-D1S7jRE

Diputados TV || DiputadosTV.yt || Nacionales
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLqOXeFTnMY

Chillhop Music (jazzy & lofi hip hop beats) || Chillhop.yt || Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yx6BWlEVcY

Avex J-Pop 24/7 || Avex.yt || Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tr77RbnfYIU

Tomorrowland: One World Radio || TOWR.yt || Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBgSH-CGPzg

JapanesePod101 Live || JPod101.yt || Education
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOL3cy8mkpw

Korea.net Live || KoreaNet.yt || Education
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7sR4ALIggEo

Sky News || SkyNews.yt || News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9uJg68CV4g

France 24 (English) || France24En.yt || News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkDUSYHoKxE

CGTN Europe || CGTN Europe.yt || News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zv60F39Is_c

CNA || CNA.yt || News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWq5kBlakcQ

ABC News (US) || ABCNewsUS.yt || News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gN0PZCe-kwQ

ABC News (AU) || ABCNewsAU.yt ||  News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOTiJkg1voo

Bloomberg Business || Bloomberg.yt || Finance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyOq8DhaMYw

Yahoo Finance || YahooFinance.yt || Finance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAHHA27td-A

Euronews || EuronewsEN.yt || News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pykpO5kQJ98

NDTV 24x7 || NDTV.yt || News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sr2Ry9JVDtU

SABC News || SABCNews.yt || News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdA3_ZT61pg

Al Jazeera English || AlJazeera.yt || News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCNeDWCI0vo

TRT World || TRTWorld.yt || News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5VF4aor94gw

CNBC Marathon || CNBCMarathon.yt || News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NyxcX3rhQs

DW News || DWNews.yt || News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqabxBKzZ6M

NHK World Japan || NHKWorld.yt || News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0lYkdA-Gtw

Relaxing Jazz Piano Radio || JazzRadio.yt || Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dx5qFachd3A

Epidemic Pop || EpidemicPop.yt || Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrEckgZZapI

TOKYO Cafe || TokyoCafe.yt || Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6uddGul0oAc

Rainy Jazz: Relaxing Jazz & Bossa Nova Music Radio || RainyJazz.yt || Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSGyEsJ17cI

Little Soul: Music to put you in a better mood || LittleSoul.yt || Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XstikgbeTPI

Lofi Girl: lofi hip hop radio (beats to relax/study to) || LofiGirl1.yt || Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfKfPfyJRdk

Lofi Girl: lofi hip hop radio (beats to sleep/chill to) || LofiGirl2.yt || Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUxyKA_-grg

Jazz Cafe Ambience || JazzCafeAmbience.yt || Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AEKtQW93OVg

Abao in Tokyo: jazz/lofi hip hop radio || AbaoInTokyo.yt || Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehTuatSx5Wc

The Good Life Radio || GoodLifeRadio.yt || Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36YnV9STBqc

KBS WORLD TV K-Pop || KBSWorldKPop.yt || Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FrWldCxToAQ

KBS KOREA Live || KBSKorea.yt || News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxQQsIvJTTU

KBS World Radio || KBSWorldRadio.yt || Radio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIfaYst9ZsY

Arirang TV || ArirangTV.yt || Education
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJVBX7KI5nU

Arirang Radio || ArirangRadio.yt || Radio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1fX2GGdVS0

TBS Korea eFM 101.3 || TBS1013.yt || Radio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2pC0RRyGMg

FeelingInTheBeat Radio || FeelingInTheBeat.yt || Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oh_TjZYB5s4

Datawave FM || DatawaveFM.yt || Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oh_TjZYB5s4

VaporFunk Station || VaporFunk.yt || Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwb1fUIESi0

Korea Underground || MellowbeatSeeker.yt || Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUT1qAhMY4w

THE K-POP Live || TheKPopLive.yt || Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVocS7Yftw8

NASA Starbase Live || NASALive.yt || Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhJRzQsLZGg

United Nations Live || UnitedNations.yt || Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfAa1GiNdgM

渋谷スクランブル交差点 Shibuya Scramble Crossing Live Camera || ShibuyaScramble.yt || Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kPH7kTphnE

Bloomberg Quicktake || BloombergQuickTake.yt || Documentaries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxmDPrfinXY

Nat Geo Wild: Savage Kingdom || SavageKingdom.yt || Documentaries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJ3Yv572V1A


